unlikely lines from a blockbuster movie
unfortunately this year's hunger games
has had to be cancelled thanks to marcus
bloody rashford
[Laughter]
[Applause]
you talking to me you talking to me as i
say mrs patel sometimes it's just your
tone
i'm sorry mr batman the moss has to
cover your mouth
he says he's going to kill you but he
won't he's just being silly stop being
darth vader
stella stella
so you have to order on the app
we need to join forces to become a
pantomime horse you'll be front
i'll be back
vodka martini shaken not stirred oh go
on and a bag of frazzles
everything i touch just turns to ice
i can't give hand jobs away
give me one good reason why i shouldn't
kill you
it's illegal well game set and match i
can't apologize enough
wax on wax off wax on
wax off god this is a good episode of
naked attraction
all the superheroes are sat cross-legged
on a sports hall floor
in avengers assembly
[Applause]
i mean you can laugh but i did that one
in series 14.
[Laughter]
i am batman do you have any strep sauce
i i don't know what happened i i was
just making love to john mclean and then
he passed away i
i guess it was a good day to die hard
i don't know what happened i was just
making love to canvas
and then he passed away i guess it was a
good day to die hard
just use whichever one you prefer
you had me at hello you lost me at send
nudes
uh i see dead people okay and they all
voted for sleepy joe biden
you're not the president you're wearing
a disguise i just ripped the president's
face off
say hello to my little friend mr sunak
if you could just outline the budget
of course we need a bigger boat you
cannot catch a shark in a pedalo
you